hey guys my name is Tim Schmoyer and
this is
Adam from famebit and we will talk to
you guys today about how to best give
legal disclaimers about your videos
because that is something that here in
the United States is required by law if
you are getting sponsored to promote a
product or service you have to give a
disclaimer about that in some way shape
or form so how can they best do that
yeah absolutely I know this has been you
know kind of a topic of discussion and
people are like do I have to do this do
I not have to do this it's kind of like
this like having thing for some reason
but the short answer is you absolutely
do have to do that you have to you know
some sort some in some way tell your
audience that this is a sponsored video
and you know the best way to do that
just to be transparent and authentic
about it you know you can't you know
hide like a hash tag as you know I've
seen like hash tag SPO N or SPO and ask
in your description like that is not a
clear way of saying that this is a
sponsored video really needs to be kind
of disclosed in a very clear way to your
audience that it's obvious right so
whether that is you know I guess the
best way to do it is to team it up with
the sponsorship when you're talking
about the sponsor like hey XYZ brand you
know it was cool enough to send me the
sponsored product the collaboration on
it you know because I thought it would
be a benefit to you guys's I really
enjoyed and they were cool enough to
sponsor this video so that we can do
this you know like it's not this like
you know a key thing right kind of like
slide it under the carpet somewhere
because you got to do it but you don't
want anyone to know about it and that's
how I do hear video creators like guys
famebit is sponsoring this video and
they've sponsored many videos here in
the past as you guys know and usually
the way that I do it is like hey we're
gonna thank my sponsor here this month
famebit.com guys they're great you go
check them out because blah blah blah
you know and I think everyone
appreciates the transparency because
they understand now the relationship
that I have with fame bit yeah and that
Fame bit house with them and everything
you know so I've - like if if you didn't
have a disclaimer they found out later
that it was that it was uh yeah just
feel shady like I kind of hide it you
know you shouldn't have to hide it like
don't be afraid as long as the product
is something that you truly enjoy and
you think your audience is going to
enjoy you know you there should be
nothing to do to be afraid about you
know and
and if anything you know there's ways of
phrasing it you know I hate this this
Brando is cool enough to help sponsor
this video so I can make this content
for you guys and I really love this
product like there's no I really
want to thank my sponsor for this
because guys this is why you know and a
lot of creators their videos would not
exist if they did not the sponsors right
yeah would not be able to do it and so
the sponsors really for a lot of
creators make YouTube happen and make it
possible for a lot of our favorite
artists and creators on the platform so
cool to have it very clear right make
sure it's authentic and then just say
like you're doing a haul and you have
you know three products that are
sponsored and you know four that are or
whatever in your description you could
always lay that out to like these are
the things that I bought then these are
things that were sponsored just try to
make it as clear as possible I think
people just need to kind of get over the
fear of like there's going to be this
incredible backlash because it's
sponsored you know just kind of kind of
embraced sponsorships and I think as you
know YouTube kind of matures and grows
and creating video you know becomes more
of a mainstream thing like audiences are
just gonna start to understand it and
again it really just comes down to
finding products that you think that
your audience are going to enjoy yeah
that's really the key to it yeah for
those of you guys who want to learn more
about all the legal requirements and how
this works there's a link in the
description that below of this video
that we'll go over to FTC's website for
you know again here in the US that will
give you all the details about the
disclaimer things and what you need to
do what you need to know and everything
but the bottom line is like Adam said
it's just to make it clear and
transparent preferably in the actual
video but if that's not possible due to
the nature of the content or something
of some reason in the description text
at least making it very clear in in that
part of the video as well you also find
another link in the description below
that goes over to fame bits website
because they were cool enough to sponsor
did I do that right this bunch of this
video and gotta do the product I've used
and Adam what can they find over Fame
bit if they click that link down there
and go over there and check it out yeah
absolutely so Fame it is a platform for
connecting youtubers with sponsorships
for the channel so we have a ton of
different brands you know everything
from beauty brands to you know apps and
tech tech brands that are looking to
sponsor YouTube channels and get their
we're not about their brand so we make
it super easy for you guys to find them
yeah knock them and then we make it
really easy for you guys to get paid
yeah bees me payout super quick yeah so
you need about a thousand subscribers
you're marked sign up and then at that
point just look for brands that fit with
your channel with your audience I'd be
valuable to your people and to you as
well and to the brand lttle proposal
submit it and famebit does pay really
quick which is I know something that a
lot of us really appreciate so thank you
Adam for being a part of that I would
love to hear from you guys in the
comments below about how have you best
given these legal disclaimers that are
required by law as here in the US out
your sponsorships and how have you
naturally integrated them and loved it
for you guys this is something that the
rest of your accounts thinking about
definitely read the comments down there
I know you'll need you will learn a lot
of really helpful things from people
down there who have a lot of experience
with this as well and if this is your
first time here at video creators I
would love to have you subscribe because
every week multiple times a week I'm
just trying to help you guys as creators
build your YouTube channels and your
audiences because I really believe that
a lot of you guys have messages that
need to spread and I really want to help
you guys grow so that those people out
there can hear about your message and
find you and hopefully have their lives
be changed as a result